hello
The Biscuit Cuillere
Allows to make 2 round cake 20 cm & 18 cm.
100 g flour
120 g egg white
80 g yolks
100 g flour
100 sugar , pinch of salt
Mascarpone mousse
225  gr cream
150 gr mascarpone cheese
2  egg-yolks
for syrup
25 ml water
1/2 vanilla bean
60 gr sugar
3 g gelatin
80 ml espresso coffee, 40 gr sugar and 1 tbsp orange blossom water
Beat the egg-whites with a pinch of salt , then add the sugar slowly , peaks keep beating in order to get a meringue.
add the egg yolks and flour , mix delicately until homogeneous
Divide this mixture in 2 and spread it over 2 baking paper sheets, 2 round 20 cm and 18 cm
sprinkle with icing sugar .
Put in preheated oven 180 °  for 12 minutes .
Then leave to cool
Place the sugar , water  and vanilla bean in a sauce-pan.  cook the sugar until its temperature reaches 115°
Start beating the egg yolks with a whisk
Then pour the syrup  over the yolks whipping
Beat until the mixture is completely cooled
Hydrate the gelatin in cold water.
Soften the mascarpone
Place a previous mixture in the mascarpone and  blend delicately until homogeneous
Put a little of cream in a bowl , add the gelatin dissolved, then pour it in the mascarpone, egg yolks mixture and mix delicately
Whip the cold cream  in a bowl until it doubles its volume
Then add it into the mascarpone mixture, mix delicately until homogeneous
Line a cake pan ( 20 cm) with Rhodoïd .
then put one biscuit cuillère in the bottom
Brush with the coffee ,cover with a layer of mascarpone cream
Add the second biscuit cuillère  ( 18 cm) , brush it with the coffee
Add the rest of the cream, you can just spread it with a spatula or you can use a pastry bag with the tip you want, Refrigerate for a few hours or 1 hour in the freezer
Sprinkle with cocoa powder. Remove the cake cercle, the rhodoid  and reserve in the fridge until service.
thanks for your watching